//list of class drawed in creately.com with account fericodeva69@gmail.com
List view & class used, and other spesifications:
1. View Login/Register
	a.Main class
	b.have global variable , loggeduser &   registeredUser
	c.user class for validate user login and register
2. Dashboard User
	a.Student and Teacher class for check Classroom object linked with user
	b.user class for Get profilPicture, and settings properties
	c.have method to Logout in Main class
	d.main Wrapper in Main class
	e.actions is join class with class code or create class
	f.for create class , attribut must input is class name, section,subject,and room
3. view Class detail
	a.main wrapper in Main class, in main wrapper have CHILD WRAPPER
 	 - Stream View
	  a.Classroom class for show detail of class like name & section
	  b.Topic class for show assignments collected 2 weeks later in Upcoming layout
	  c.Topic class for show assignments created in Post layout ordered from new assignments
	  d.Classroom class for show posts and the comments ordered from new post/announ
	  e.in Stream view has CHILD WRAPPER
	    - Create post/announcement view
 	      a. Post/Announcement class for show drafted post/announcement based user login
	      b. Post/Announcement class for show scheduled post/announcement based user login
	      c. classroom class & post/announcement class for create post/announcement
	      d. action for create is post,scheduled(must be future date), and save draft
	    - About class view
	      a. Classroom class for show detail of class like name,section, code class and etc

	 - Classwork view
	  a. Topic class for show all topic created
	  b. Assignment class to show all assigments on class
	  c. StudentWork class to show how many assigned and turned in from statusWork atrr
	  d. in Classwork view has CHILD WRAPPER
	    - Add Assignment view
	      a. Topic class for linked the assigment to a topic created, if no topic linked to nulled topic
	      b. Assignment class for created object assigment
	      c. Classroom class for show students will looked the assigment, default all students
	      d. action for create is post,scheduled(must be future date), and save draft
	    - Add topic view
	      a. Topic class for created object topic
	      b. Classroom class for add the created object topic to attribut listTopic
	    - Add material view
	      a. Topic class for linked the assigment to a topic created, if no topic linked to nulled topic
	      b. Material class for created object assigment
	      c. Classroom class for show students will looked the assigment, default all students
	      d. action for create is post,scheduled(must be future date), and save draft
	    - Add Question

	    - view Detail Assignment
	      a. Assignment class for show detail of assignment descriptions
	      b. StudentWork class for show all status of student work like assigned,turned in, and graded
	      c. in view Detail Assignment has CHILD WRAPPER

		- view detail turned in assignment of a user
		 a. Assignment class for show description of assignment
		 b. StudentWork class for show the when turned in, the contents, and private comment
		 c. action for this view is grading score, add private comment , and return for give grade for student


	  - People view
	   a. Classroom class for show all teachers and students
	   b. user class for show the name of teachers and students
	   c. actions for people view is invite teacher, invite student by email address
	   d. in People view has CHILD WRAPPER
	    - view detail for teacher
	     a. User class for show the name of teachers
	     b. action for this view is remove teacher(not class owner) from class or make class owner if login as class owner,and
		leave class if login as teacher in this class
	    - view detail for student
	     a. User class for show the description of student
	     b. Assignment class for show the assignments title and due date
	     c. StudentWork class for show the status work of student in the assignments(assigned,turned in,missing) if graded show score

	  - Setting class view
	   a. Classroom class for show the detail of class like name,section,room, subject in Detail layout
	   b. Classroom class for show the detail of class like class code , privacy post in General layout
	   c. actions for this view is change the attribut of classroom class, for class code choice is reset and disabled,
	      for privacy post the choice is "students can post and comments","student can only comment", "only teacher can post or comment"





